# Week Two Reflection

I did all of the console logging and attempted the prompt by myself! I did use ChatGPT to help remember why the const variable was needed. I am still fuzzy on my complete understanding of why, but I am now more aware that it is to help store the user's data to use further down the line. 

The only other small but notable thing I ran into was using single quotations for the console.log of the prompt. Hence why I went back through and created a second one using the quotations to see the difference. Before doing this, my console log did spit back the exact sentence with the variable displayed, rather than the users input. Once I used backticks in place for the first prompt variable, I was able to see my name in the console.log. Using quotations with the concatenated style then allowed the second one to appear as well. 

I would not feel confident asking generative AI to build anything more than a boilerplate. Without an understanding of even that, then the developer becomes unable to go back into the code and begin fixing and tweaking the key specific attributes, let alone more complicated ones. I believe I could adequately explain this code that was written, and my hopes are continuing to truly comprehend each next step to be able to explain my work. If I asked generative AI to create a more complicated website, I'd be able to see (and possibly explain) the things that I'd worked on before, but would be highly unable to comprehend the entire picture to facilitate a proper explanation and understanding. 

In a case like the latter, I don't think the work could still be considered mine. I wouldn't even know how it works, how could it be mine? If I pulled a piece that I did understand, reworked it, and merged it into my complete picture, then that could still be considered my work. I know that developers learn from everyone and everywhere, and I know that there are many files out there that can also provide the necessary boilerplate's. Using bits and pieces to pull together your own unique site seems like fair game, using entire works that are uncomprehensible to the creator would not count as fair game. 