# Reflection 

So, so neat! How exciting to be in this position that I did not even think about prior to joining this class. To be able to begin dabbling in game design was not something I set out to do, but something I am pleasantly surprised by the opportunity of. I think it is beginning to help build a more complete picture in my mind. I am able to begin seeing, truly, how it all fits together. Still a bit intimidating to think about building entirely on my own, but for now, I certainly don't have to worry about that so I lie in gratitude for the current moment. 

I had not heard of phaser prior to this module and was very excited to begin exploring it. To have a library like such just at my fingertips was really cool to experience and see. It's inspiring for future projects: knowing that I wouldn't have to hard code everything in JS. This module showed me just that - I now see how understanding JS' logic and language builds upon itself, but in addition to the libraries, it's not nearly as intimidating. I can't imagine trying to code this same project using only JS, that seems wildly out of my current abilities. So again, I sit in gratitude for this current moment. 

For this module, I coded along with the week's examples, helping me build that framework and see how everything fits together. From there, I added in the gravity for this stars. I used chatGPT to help describe and define the different between simply falling and the actual gravitational effect. The nuance was hard to spot without the defining language to help me see how it was working. Setting the custom gravity, I was able to see it with greater clarity. 

I tried to change sprites...I left the knight in my assets folder that I was working with. But after a couple of hours of trying to perfect the framing and frame rates, I could not get it "perfect" and instead, reverted back to the dude. I thought this was really neat even just to tinker with, because as a budding illustrator (using procreate), it was fun to see how different frames worked in different ways. The knight was particularly difficult because he was just slightly different sizes based on certain frames. I could get one movement or a stationary frame to look correct, but then in another movement, it would look like he was standing on heads or a trail of a sword would appear behind him. I wanted it to look nice, so again, I reverted back to the dude (for now). 

In my tinkering with the knight sprite, I used chatGPT to help mirror his actions when turning left. We figured it out, but because it wasn't clean enough for my preferences, I again reverted back to the dude. But, I found this concept neat, so I added it here in my notes for future reference which is why I am bringing it up now. The math in regards to frame rate was also new for me, but the exploration of it was fun. I am decent at math, not horrible but certainly not great (let alone, 'good'), But, it was nice to play with again. I haven't "done math" in ages now, it felt nice to stretch the brain. I believe that it'll be a fun puzzle and project to jump back into when I am out of school. I often look for new and small things to learn at a time, and I know that this is something I will jump back into when I have a greater degree of time. 

Ooh, especially if I jump into my own small illustrations, it would be cool and fun to incorporate mathematical precision. What a fun thing to think about and aim to apply in future moments! Thank you for the inspiration!

Finally, the thing I found the most challenge in and had to turn to chatGPT for help in troubleshooting was the proper timing for a speedrun tracking. At first, I was getting negative integers (for reasons I am still unsure as to why), then I was getting not a number for a while. Again, not entirely know why, but through small tweaks, suddenly it started to count up properly.

But then I realized that the best score was rewarding progress and survival, but best time just measured how quick I died. This didn't make logical game sense, so we reworked it to have a best level time score in collecting all the stars. Still not the best game logic, but at least this way it wasn't rewarding how quick the player died. In the future, I would maybe explore a speedrun in relation to the final level completed, maybe (either) subtracting ten seconds for the successful completion of each level, or some other form of logic. I don't know entirely how this would take shape which was why I didn't further it for now, but it's definitely a process I'll continue to ponder moving forward. 

I think that's about all I can think of in relation to this week's project. It's bittersweet as we get closer to the end. I'm certainly excited to sit outside with my fantasy books in the few weeks between spring and summer classes, but there is something splendid and lovely about sitting on my deck writing code in the sun. It resonates within my being, even if deadlines loom and the sun sets with chilly winds. I may not yet be where I hope to be, but I know I am slowly getting closer. 

Thank you for your time and energy. Thank you for such an inspiring class. And thank you for challenging me (us?) in ways I didn't originally think yet possible. But also in a way that I am able to manage and enjoy the process of. Thank you. 

Sincerely, truly, always. 

- C

